Adds information about caching in MGT components (#12227)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/components/get.md

## Authentication

The control uses the global authentication provider described in the [authentication documentation](../providers/providers.md) to fetch the required data.

> ## Cache
> 
> IndexedDB|Cached data|Remarks
> ---------|-----------|-------
> `response`|Complete response retrieved from Microsoft Graph for the query specified in the `resource` property of `mgt-get`|

Reviewer: Should we also add a little about when the components cache the data and a link to more info about caching?

Ex:
```suggestion
## Cache

To enable and configure the cache, use the `cacheEnabled` and `cacheInvalidationPeriod` properties. By default, the `mgt-get` component does not cache any responses.

|Object store|Cached data|Remarks|
|-----------|-----------|-------|
|`response`|Complete response retrieved from Microsoft Graph for the query specified in the `resource` property of `mgt-get`|

See [Caching](../customize-components/cache.md) for more details.
```

Author: Ah missed that! I thought `mgt-get` cache was enabled by default like it is for other components. Good catch!
